feat: compatibility mode (#849)
kyma-project/istio: docs/user/04-00-istio-custom-resource.md

| Parameter                                                   | Type           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | **compatibilityMode**                                       | bool           | Sets Istio in a compatibility mode to remain compatible with one minor version behind.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **compatibilityMode**                                       | bool           | Enables compatibility mode in Istio. When the value is `true`, the Istio module uses a compatibility version set to the previous minor version of Istio.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

To retain the behavior of `EXTERNAL_NAME` that was present in versions of Istio prior to 1.21, you can configure the `ENABLE_EXTERNAL_NAME_ALIAS` environment variable in the Istio pilot. To do this, add the following annotation to the Istio CR:

!> [!WARNING]
> Annotation does not have effect when compatibility mode is on. The `ENABLE_EXTERNAL_NAME_ALIAS` environment variable in this mode is set to false.

> 

Author: @nataliasitko I updated suggestion just a little bit, please check if it's ok
